README.md, before:

# Restaurant List Application

## Application Proposal

This application allows the users to keep track of restaurants they wish to visit in the future and restaurants they 
have visited. Users will be able to:
- manage a list of restaurants
- record details of restaurants they will be visiting in the future
- mark off restaurants they have visited, and record a rating

This application will be used by  **anyone** who loves exploring for a new food and finding new restaurants.

This project is an interest to me because I often have a hard time deciding where to eat with friends. There are 
several lists of restaurants that I kept to use in the future, but these lists proved to be impractical as they lacked 
detailed information about the restaurants such as the location, price range and types of food. This restaurant list
application will solve this problem as it helps records the necessary information of the restaurants in detail. Not 
only that, but it will also keep a record of restaurants visited with a rating to refer back to in the future. 

## User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to add a restaurant to my collection
- As a user, I want to be able to remove a restaurant from the collection
- As a user, I want to be able to mark off a restaurant as visited and rate it 
- As a user, I want to be able to view all the restaurant names in the collection
- As a user, I want to be able to select a restaurant in the collection and view its details

Commit message:

tried to have a search by name function but didn't know how to..

README.md, after:

# Restaurant List Application

## Application Proposal

This application allows the users to keep track of restaurants they wish to visit in the future and restaurants they 
have visited. Users will be able to:
- *manage* a list of restaurants
- *record* details of restaurants they will be visiting in the future
- *mark off* restaurants they have visited, and record a rating

This application will be used by  **anyone** who loves exploring for a new food and finding new restaurants.

This project is an interest to me because I often have a hard time deciding where to eat with friends. There are 
several lists of restaurants that I kept to use in the future, but these lists proved to be impractical as they lacked 
detailed information about the restaurants such as the location, price range and types of food. This restaurant list
application will solve this problem as it helps record the necessary information of the restaurants in detail. Not 
only that, but it will also keep a record of restaurants visited with a rating to refer back to in the future. 

## User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to add a restaurant to my collection
- As a user, I want to be able to remove a restaurant from the collection
- As a user, I want to be able to mark off a restaurant as visited and rate it 
- As a user, I want to be able to view all the restaurant names in the collection
- As a user, I want to be able to select a restaurant in the collection and view its details 
- As a user, I want to be able to view list of restaurants with the given name, type and location.
